hello good to all I am you commenting and
I'm here with Alberto 1890 dishes and
let's do a damage test
we just came from a hunting you will see
soon we will upload it soon and now we are going
to start
second I'm going to remove the missiles and everything
Let's see
for about 16,000
by 2
by 3
for 4
let's try the burst
another burst 79 min
97 thousand
79,000 but I've only taken on the hunt
you're going to see that it reached 104,000 just with
burst and when you hit me 126,000
also already but there they mixed
shots came as a hundred to 104 look
in another house but I think that in this one
it only reached 102 thousand
A) Yes
but the second one can give you cooking
when it hits
I have another precision
If I have many pages with
transform them
good
want
give me now with everything that the
district
to stand
and that now brings us 100,000 males
about him
already with all the same
we go with everything
between 18,000 and 165 thousand
125 thousand 250 thousand
153,000
and friendship without gusts for you
to see only with work
the 49,000
if I want to say that I only have 11 lc4
only 11
and already reached 102 thousand 104 thousand there
beast
I remove 12 thousand with x 4
Well I hope you liked it
how much are the yellow missiles
125 micros
It is covered
and good as we are having more the f
4 we will go up the 3 damages
I will also upload one soon
but basically when you burst
Well I hope you liked it